Template: newscoop/dbsetup
Type: boolean
Default: false
Description: Create mysql database-account?
 Automatically generate a local mysql-account for newscoop.
 .
 This option allows to create a database-user and password
 for use by newscoop on localhost.
 .
 If skipped, you will need database-admin access to create
 and account for newscoop.

Template: newscoop/apache-setup
Type: select
Choices: no thanks, system-wide (all vhosts), dedicated v-host
Choices: dedicated v-host, system-wide (all vhosts), thanks
Choices-de.UTF-8: nein danke, system-weit (alle v-hosts), v-host einrichten
Default: system-wide (all vhosts_
Description: Create apache2 config:
 This setup script can perform apache web-server configuration
 so that you can connect to newscoop directly after this installation.
 .
 Production systems should choose "dedicated v-host". This option
 will ask for a Server host-name (FQDN) and will create a minimal apache
 vhost configuration that you can adapt.
 .
 "system-wide (all vhosts)" apache-config configures
 http://all-apache-virtual-hosts/newscoop/ using /etc/apache/conf.d/
 This is the recommended if newscoop is the sole 
 web-service on this server and also for test-installations.
 .
 "no, thanks": no problem. You're welcome to set it up however you like.
 Note that the files in /etc/newscoop/ may come in handy doing so.
Description-de.UTF-8: Erzeugen einer apache2 konfiuration:
 .

Template: newscoop/apache-servername
Type: string
Default: localhost
Description: FQDN - apache-vhost ServerName:
 Enter the main hostname of the web server. 
 The DNS of this name must resolve to the apache server running on this
 machine.
 .
 e.g. "example.com" or "www.example.com" (without the quotes)
 .
 You can customize /etc/apache2/sites-enabled/newscoop.vhost afterwards
 and add ServerAliases and further custom configuration.
 .
 more info soon..

Template: newscoop/apache-serveradmin
Type: string
Default: root@localhost
Description: Email of the vhost-admin - ServerAdmin:
 required for dedicated vhost-setup.
 .
 more info soon..
